PR for SRVLOGIC-97: Create an initial PR that sets up the basic OSL "Managing security" directory structure. (#91173)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless-logic/serverless-logic-managing-security/serverless-logic-authentication-openapi-services.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="serverless-logic-authentication-openapi-services"]
= Authentication for OpenAPI services
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: serverless-logic-authentication-openapi-services

toc::[]

> To secure an OpenAPI service operation, define a security scheme using the OpenAPI specification. These schemes appear in the `Security Scheme Object` section of the OpenAPI specification file. When a workflow invokes an operation, it uses the defined security scheme to determine the required authentication configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To secure an OpenAPI service operation, define a security scheme by using the OpenAPI specification. These schemes are in the `Security Scheme Object` section of the OpenAPI specification file. When a workflow invokes an operation, it uses the defined security scheme to determine the required authentication configuration.
```
IBM Style: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#using

Author: Done!
